[wind blowing]
- Hmm.
MEI: Grandpa, I'm home!
- Hmm?
- [laughs]
- Ah, Mei!
Welcome back. [laughs]
- She missed you.
- [sirens passing]
- Oh, dear me.
It sounds like there's
been more trouble.
- That's happened a lot lately.
- Hmm.
- Grandpa?
GRANDPA: Hmm.
- What is it? What's wrong?
[sirens passing]
Oh, not again.
- [gasps] Grammy, I forgot
I promised
to meet up with Itsumi!
[gasps] I've gotta be going!
- The world
is going topsy-turvy,
so you be careful!
- Don't worry! I will!
- There are
some disturbing shadows
on the trunk
of the Sacred Tree.
That can't be anything
but an ominous sign.
- Kagome and Towa,
do you think
they're all right over there?
- I don't know.
I just don't know.
But I get the feeling
that something even worse
might be approaching.
[ominous music playing]
KIRIN: The Grim Comet
is clearly visible to me now.
And yet, despite being
a foreign entity in this world,
I'm the only one
who can see it.
- MEI: Hi, Mr. Kirin!
- Eh?
- Hup!
See you later, Mr. Kirin!
- Well, hello and goodbye, then.
- Bye-bye!
[panting]
- So young and innocent.
I can't bear the thought of
so many young lives like hers
being snuffed out in an instant
by the Grim Comet.
[Japanese music playing]
JAKEN: His Haku
is draining away.
At this rate,
he cannot last much longer.
- Help me, Kyuyokon!
Draw the demon energy out!
- Towa, stop now,
or else you will die.
- [gasps]
- [groans]
SETSUNA: What's wrong?
Towa?
RIN: Towa!
TOWA: "Akuru's Pinwheel."
- [gasps]
There's something wrong!
Towa! Towa!
- What could have happened?!
Oh, wait!
No! Her Kon has been drained!
- Her Kon?
- That inner power
that allows your heart to beat
and your mind to function.
Your Kon,
otherwise known as your soul.
SETSUNA: And what happens
when your Kon is all gone?
- [Rin gasps]
- Well, in short,
it means that your mind is dead.
[Rin gasps] Towa!
No! That--That isn't possible!
- [pinwheel clicking]
- Wake up! Wake up, Towa!
Towa! [crying]
JAKEN: Hmm?
- Wait, aren't you...
JAKEN: The sound of a pinwheel.
Akuru is here!
SETSUNA: Akuru?
- He's a Time Spirit
who's visible
only to members
of the Dog-Demon Clan.
I can only hear him
or, rather, his pinwheel.
- [gasps]
[heart beats]
[finger taps]
- [sighs]
[Towa murmurs]
- Huh?
- Towa!
- [murmurs]
- [pinwheels clicking]
[sighs]
- Towa, are you all right?
- [sighs]
Yeah, I'm...
I'm fine, Setsuna.
- [Rin sighs]
- Half-Demon Princesses...
- [all gasp]
- Hmm?
- It would appear that Akuru
has acknowledged the two of you.
- The Spirit
of the Tree of Ages.
[insects chirping]
[both snoring]
- Man, I sure hope
Sesshomaru's okay.
- Ah, he's fine.
- Hmm?
- How can you be so sure?
- I'm not smelling any blood.
- [sniffs] Hmm.
INUYASHA: He probably hid
inside the Tree of Ages.
- Hmm.
[chuckles]
- Moroha, see this well?
- [gasps]
- You know,
I came from the other world
through this well
we're sitting on.
- What?!
[laughs]
[sentimental music playing]
- And not only that.
- Hmm?
- This place is very special...
for Inuyasha and me.
- Mm?
- [yelps]
Uh, um...
[stammers]
Man, it sure is great
to breathe fresh air again, huh?
- Hmm?
- [giggles]
- Eh?
- Here. Take it.
- Hmm?
Uh...
where's this from?
- Your father and I
made this for you.
That time
we caught a glimpse of you,
we saw you could use a new one.
- What time was that?
- Remember? The time you went
zipping right over our heads?
- Oh!
It's my Mom and Dad!
So then that wasn't
just an illusion.
It was really you.
- It's made out of...
- Ow! [grumbles]
- Hmm?
- ...your father's hair
and other special things,
things we gathered
from your grandpa's grave.
- You could have
just told her that!
- [chuckles]
- [nervous laugh]
[sighs]
- That old bow of yours,
it's too small for you.
- [laughs]
- We thought
you should have a bow
that will protect you well.
- Thank you so much
[water flowing]
- The Grim Comet
will soon come crashing to Earth
in the Reiwa era.
It is your duty to destroy it
and remove the foreign entity
who does not belong
in that place.
- And who is that?
- I think
she must mean Mr. Kirin.
SPIRIT: There is
not a moment to lose.
You must hurry
to the Windmill of Time.
- As always,
you enjoy bossing us around.
It's so annoying.
- The fate of this world
lies in your hands,
Half-Demon Princesses.
I'm counting on you.
[both grunt]
- Towa, Setsuna...
[both gasp]
- I am...
so grateful you were able
to survive, both of you.
But it breaks my heart
you had to do it without me,
that I wasn't there for you.
- No, Mother.
- Mother!
- You're not to blame.
- I want to...
take you both into my arms,
but I know...
we haven't the time for that.
[both gasp]
I never understood
why Lord Sesshomaru
took you away
so soon after you were born.
Now I do. I understand.
[both grunt]
[both gasp]
- You two are the daughters
of Lord Sesshomaru!
And there is something
you must do now,
something that only you can do.
[both grunt]
- Yes, we know.
Go to the other world
and destroy the Grim Comet.
- But, Towa, how are we
supposed to travel through time?
- The Windmill of Time
is located in front
of Her Ladyship's manor.
It's possible she might be
able to tell us something.
- Her Ladyship, who?
- I'm referring
to Lord Sesshomaru's mother.
Come! There's no time to waste!
BOTH: Understood.
- We must go, Mother.
Goodbye for now.
- RIN: Towa!
- Yes?
- Setsuna!
What is it?
See that...
both of you come back alive.
BOTH: Right!
- And when you do,
you'll let
your father and I hold you
for as long as you two
will let us.
Will you both promise me that?
BOTH: We promise!
[Jaken grunts] This way! Hurry!
- All right, then.
BOTH: We'll be going.
- [crying]
- Lord Sesshomaru.
This was...
all for the best, right?
[birds squawking]
- Hmm?
[all gasp]
TAKECHIYO AND SHIPPO:
He's back!
[equipment rattles]
- Curse you, Sesshomaru.
Where are you, you coward?!
- Hah! He's a little busy,
so I'm filling in for him.
You guys stand back.
- I'm fine here.
Moroha, go and hide.
- I'm sorry.
- I can't.
- [nails clicking]
You really think I survived
this long by running away?
There's no way I'm leaving.
- Now that's
what I like to hear!
Just don't come crying to us
if you skin a knee or something.
[grunts]
KAGOME:
Don't push yourself too hard!
- MOROHA: I won't!
- [growls]
[growls]
I don't have time to be
playing around with you!
- Who's playing around?!
Wind Scar! [grunts]
- You have the audacity
to interfere?!
- Take flight!
Sacred Arrow!
- Try this!
Adamant Barrage!
- [grunts]
I've had enough
of the Dog-Demon's descendants
getting in my way.
You're all fair game now,
even your women and children.
I will put an end
to your entire line.
I will bring death down
upon your clan
and every one of its followers!
Huh?
[stirring music playing]
- Oh, yeah?!
- Eh?
I... had to dodge that...
the attack of a little child?!
[stirring music playing]
- I am done toying with you!
- Yeah, I was just
about to say the same thing!
This demon energy of yours
is just what I needed!
Backlash Wave!
- Damn you to hell!
- What is with this guy?
He can even cancel out
a Backlash Wave?
- Yeah, Kirinmaru
is ridiculously strong!
BOTH: Now try this!
Sacred Arrow!
- Wind Scar!
- Enough of your insolence.
This ends now!
- [gasps]
- [grunts]
Tessaiga's scabbard...
it really saved our necks.
- [panting]
- That was
way too close for comfort.
- That was scary.
So much demon power.
- Hey, Moroha!
- Towa! Setsuna!
- We're heading out!
We've gotta go
to the other world
and destroy the Grim Comet
before it's too late!
- What did you say?
- Okay. You be careful.
Eh?
Oh, so it's you again.
Your name is Akuru, right?
Eh?
[stammers]
What's the big idea?
- Akuru's saying
he wants you to go with them.
- What?
- Get going.
- Yeah, but...
- They're your friends,
aren't they?
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
- This way, girls!
- Towa, Setsuna, let's go!
BOTH: Okay!
- You're not going anywhere!
Eh?
- Long as I'm alive, you're not
laying a finger on my daughter.
- [growls]
- [panting]
- Hey, guys,
I can carry you all there!
- Takechiyo!
JAKEN: Hello? Remember me?!
Were you just going
to leave me behind?!
[birds warbling]
[Rion panting]
I wonder how Lady Towa
and the others are doing.
- I wonder that myself.
The very fact
that I'm still alive and well
means that Lord Kirinmaru
hasn't been defeated yet.
- Yes. Yes, you're right.
- [sighs]
- [rod clatters]
- [gasps]
Miss Rion?
- [murmurs]
- Miss Rion! What's wrong?!
What's happened to you?
Talk to me, Miss Rion!
- It's this body.
I can't seem to make it
move anymore.
- What do you mean?
- [yells]
- [grumbles]
[gasps] Rion!
- [scoffs] Not a good time
to let yourself get distracted.
- You're right.
It's not the time
to be distracted!
- [groans]
[grumbles]
- Fly true!
I missed him?
- Where the hell did he go?
[droplet echoes]
- Just as I thought.
Kirinmaru is bringing about
the Degenerate Age.
[insects chirping]
- You've nearly finished
the thousand-day training.
You're almost ready to face him.
- Indeed.
In fact, this battle
that is to come
will be the final step
in my training.
[wind blowing]
[rings jangle]
- Then let's go, Miroku.
- Let's do this.
By the way,
have the kids been doing well?
[slap echoes]
[chuckles]
Well, it seems they are.
[insects chirping]
DANJO: Demon slayers...
we've heard
a rather disturbing rumor.
A demon named Kirinmaru
is trying to bring about
the Degenerate Age.
Is this true?
- Yes, and he's too powerful
for us to handle.
Therefore, I urge you
to get far away from here,
Your Excellency,
you and the Princess.
- So you're saying
even you cannot stop him?
Hmm.
- I'm not worried.
- Hmm?
- Don't forget
the demon slayers
have Hisui
and Setsuna with them.
So if you all work together,
I'm sure everything
will be just fine!
Right?
Am I right, or am I right?
I'm right, right?
- [stammers]
Princess, you--
you can't be serious.
- This is the Kikujumonji,
a great blade
that can purge evil spirits.
I was given it by the shogun,
and now I am
bestowing it on you.
Take it, then, and do
your best to defeat the demon.
- Your Excellency,
we can't defeat him.
That's what--
- Sir, you should
accept that sword.
- Hmm?
- According to Setsuna,
Towa has some sort of powerful
connection to that sword.
It might come in handy
against Kirinmaru.
- You may be right.
- What do you say,
demon slayers?
- Thank you.
We gratefully accept your offer.
- Very good.
Then we shall depend on you.
DEMON SLAYERS: Yes, sir!
RIKU: Miss Rion, please!
Wake up!
I wish I had some idea
what was going on!
Open your eyes, Miss Rion!
- KIRINMARU: I thought as much.
- [gasps]
I suspected
that her artificial body
would be reaching its limit
right about now.
- Lord Kirinmaru.
- [sword scrapes]
- Rion...
remember, there is no one
who has cherished you
more than I have,
for I am your father.
[mysterious music playing]
- [gasps]
- Her Kon is sealed
within that vessel
made out of bones
and grave soil,
but as time passes,
she runs out of the Haku
needed to move that vessel.
- [gasps]
I am not thanking you for this.
- Hmph.
I never expected that you would.
But I thought
we might chat for a bit.
- We respectfully decline,
Lord Kirinmaru.
- I thought
you might want to know
I'm thinking of paying a visit
to the other world soon.
Rion, why don't you
come with me?
[top whizzing]
SHIPPO: I can't
keep it up any longer!
[yells]
We're going down!
- Hmm?
[shrieks]
- Look out!
[both scream]
- [babbles]
I warned you guys
you were pushing me too far.
- Oh, it's been far too long.
Good to be back.
- [groans]
[gasps] Kagome?
A-And Inuyasha?
Are you real?
You two are alive?
- Granny Kaede!
Ohh, I've come back.
It's been a long time,
hasn't it Granny?
I'm sorry
I was away for so long.
Goodness, there's no need
to worry about that now.
- Well, in any case...
you need to get everyone out.
You need to evacuate
the whole village right now.
- But why? Don't tell me
there's another war starting.
- Mm-mmm.
It's not a war.
I fear
it's something even worse.
- [wind gusting]
- [gasps]
JAKEN: There! I can see it!
That's where
Lord Sesshomaru's mother lives!
[Half-Demon Princesses gasp]
- And that's...
TOWA: The Windmill of Time.
[ominous music playing]
[birds squawking]
MEI: Huh.
Those crows sound strange,
don't they?
- Yeah, they do.
- Are you sure those are crows?
MEI: I think they're crows.
- [squawking]
[hisses]
[energy chimes]
- Huh?
Look!
They all just disappeared!
- What happened to them?
- That was weird.
MEI: Yeah.
- Carrion Crows?
They supposedly became
extinct 500 years ago.
Demons that shouldn't exist
in the world of Reiwa
have started to appear.
They must have come down
from the Grim Comet.
But what can I do about it
on my own,
with my limited powers?
[Japanese music playing]
[music playing]
SESSHOMARU'S MOTHER:
Go to the Windmill of Time,
and the Doors of Time
will open for you.
TAKECHIYO: Yeah,
something makes me think
it's not gonna be that easy.
JAKEN: Good grief!
It's Meidomaru!
The Windmill of Time won't
turn as long as he's around!
[Meidomaru laughs]
Welcome to the Underworld!
TAKECHIYO:
Next time on Yashahime,
"The Collapse
of the Windmill of Time."
Oh, no!
TAKECHIYO AND JAKEN:
The Windmill's on fire!